Update CONTRIBUTING.md about wiki items and wiki links (#1600)
openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema: CONTRIBUTING.md

![Screenshot of a preset in iD with the information details open.](https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema/assets/111561/13549318-cd7c-4dd1-9948-7a2d84662f04)

iD and other tools provide users with a way to learn more about the main tag of a preset. It is important to provide good information in this information panel. Here are a few notes on how to do this:
- Does your tag have a Wikibase entry? Click the small pencil icon next to the text to open the Wikibase item on the OSM wiki. Improve this wording if needed.
  - If the Wikibase item is missing, [learn more about how to add it in "Current methods for creating new items"](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Data_items#Item_creation_process).

>   - iD queries the `Tag:<key>=<value>` page or `Key:<key>` page and prefers the more specific variant. It then uses "wiki sitelinks" to get the data item from the page. These can be set [here](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Special:SetSiteLink//wiki), see the documentation in link above.

Reviewer: I think I never did this before. Lets double check first if this is actually needed for the lookup … or only for the Wiki-Relation part.

Reviewer: @harahu you added wiki data items for your last two PRs, did you add those SiteLinks described here? Or did it work with just the data item with the right values?

Reviewer 2: @zbycz What you think about those comments?

Author: @matkoniecz - I take it, these two comments from December are merely answers. They confirm my comment about "sitelinks being needed", so my suggested documentation change is still correct. 👍 

Thanks for the ping, i didn't realize I should confirm it here.

<img alt="Screenshot of a preset in iD with the information details open." src="https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema/assets/111561/13549318-cd7c-4dd1-9948-7a2d84662f04" width="400" />

iD and other tools provide users with a way to learn more about the main tag of a preset. It is important to provide good information in this information panel. Here are a few notes on how to do this:
- Does your tag have a OSM Wiki data item? Click the small pencil icon next to the text to open the data item on the OSM Wiki. Improve this wording if needed.
  - If the data item is missing, [learn more about how to add it in "Current methods for creating new items"](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Data_items#Item_creation_process).

>   - iD queries the `Tag:<key>=<value>` page or `Key:<key>` page and prefers the more specific variant. It then uses "wiki sitelinks" to get the data item from the page. These can be set [here](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Special:SetSiteLink//wiki), see the documentation in link above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - iD queries the data item linked to `Tag:<key>=<value>` or `Key:<key>` page and prefers the more specific variant. This connection (called sitelink) must be set and it can be done [here](https://wiki.openstreetmap.org/wiki/Special:SetSiteLink//wiki), see the documentation in link above.
```

attempt to follow https://github.com/openstreetmap/id-tagging-schema/pull/1600/changes#r2637951895 suggestion to not introduce false claims

@1ec5 have I understood correctly what you suggested there?

Reviewer 2: or have you not requested such change?

Reviewer 3: Yes, that’s an improvement. I’d probably still mention “sitelink”. That’s the weird term that OSM Wikibase uses to tie the data item to the article that the mapper is more familiar with.

Reviewer 2: I added `(called sitelink)` - is it in appropriate location?

Reviewer 2: @1ec5 do you see need for any further changes?

Reviewer 3: Looks good to me.
